Redo animation system to fix the missing animation errors seemingly with gas grenades / disguising.
Make disguise system more server-side so that client # is chosen and can be rendered who you are mimicing.
Add options to disguise team and class at same time.
Change disguise menu to be pick team then class before starting disguise.
Possibly add menu support for knowing which teams are enemy and which are friendly.
Last disguise remembering
/disguise enemy <class> ; /disguise friend <class> -> for 2 teams only gameplay
Flaginfo randomly broken bug
"Client doesn't have version ETF 1.6" randomly happening.
Infinite ammobox/discard bag dropping exploit; still works sometimes -> online but not localhost ?
Flags stick to south facing walls instead of bouncing off.
Mapinfo from spectator on hud stays visible sometimes after spawning.
Projectiles sometimes still hit forcefields that should still be allowed to pass through.
Ignore & UnIgnore may still crash server, need to test with multiple people.
New demo stuff from ET still needs fine tuning and visuals on HUD :/
Speak with DrEvil about merging 0.8+ bots again, but existing 0.4 waypoints won't work anymore afaik.
misc_flamethrower needs to be finished up and polished so it can have criteria based damaging.
Decide on whether to keep func_noannoyances around or if it can be improved so it isn't as expensive with projectiles and grenades.
Progress Bar for new cg_showGrenadeTimer3 doesn't have ownerdraws yet and HUDs will need updating.
Timer on HUD for planted charge -> rework the server side to always send timer via event or something.
Supply station ammo/armor overflowing isn't totally fixed I guess.
Spectator map info should be hidden when scoreboard is visible else you cant see list of spectators. (HUD)
Add ability to set customwidth and customheight in the system menu if mode is at -1 (custom).
Blue nozzle flame doesn't (or almost never) renders when playing on localhost in first person and not firing the flamethrower.
The pause menu tabbar at top does not show up in 1.7 (no team/class) for some reason yet it does in 1.6 WTF :|
LOS flag seems broken with func_explosion possibly in other ents too?
The Hold Scores Alias is not always working on default install.
Napalm Grenades do not damage func_damage entities
Pulse Grenades do not damage func_damage entities (on purpose iirc) should they have some default value ?
Charges can partially be disarmed while being created (need 2 ppl to confirm/test)
Nailbomb nails stop emitting in areas where a solid entity is blocking, even if that entity goes non-solid/disappears
Nailbomb nails don't render their model most of the time with quad for some reason, is it because of shared refEnt reusing?
Pressing arrow keys over a listbox while mouse is over a different entry causes the current selection to move to where mouse is and then in direction of arrow key pressed.